Predicted result: 
[{'step': 1, 'agent': 'IoT Data Download', 'task': 'Retrieve the list of assets at the MAIN site and identify the available sensors for Chiller 6.', 'expected_output': 'List of available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site.', 'predicted_output': 'The available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site are: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \nThe final answer is: The available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site are: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature.'}, {'step': 2, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'List all failure modes of Chiller 6.', 'expected_output': 'List of all failure modes of Chiller 6.', 'predicted_output': 'The available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site are: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \n\nThe list of all failure modes of Chiller 6 are: \n1. Compressor Failure\n2. Condenser Fouling\n3. Evaporator Fouling\n4. Refrigerant Leak\n5. Electrical Failure\n6. Control System Failure\n7. Overheating\n\nThe list of failure modes that can be monitored using the available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site are:\n1. Condenser Fouling - monitored by Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow\n2. Evaporator Fouling - monitored by Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature\n3. Refrigerant Leak - monitored by Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature\n4. Overheating - monitored by Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature\n\nThe final answer is: The failure modes for Chiller 6 at MAIN site that can be monitored using the available sensors are: Condenser Fouling, Evaporator Fouling, Refrigerant Leak, Overheating.'}, {'step': 3, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Identify the relevant sensors for the failure modes of Chiller 6 and cross-reference with the available sensors from Task 1.', 'expected_output': 'List of failure modes that can be monitored using the available sensors.', 'predicted_output': 'Get failure modes for Chiller 6 at MAIN site and only include in final response those that can be monitored using the available sensors.'}, {'step': 4, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Provide the final list of failure modes for Chiller 6 at MAIN site that can be monitored using the available sensors.', 'expected_output': 'Final list of failure modes for Chiller 6 at MAIN site that can be monitored.', 'predicted_output': 'The available sensors for Chiller 6 at MAIN site are: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. The list of all failure modes of Chiller 6 are: Compressor Failure, Condenser Fouling, Evaporator Fouling, Refrigerant Leak, Chiller Overheating, Control System Failure, Sensor Failure. The list of failure modes that can be monitored using the available sensors are: Compressor Failure, Refrigerant Leak, Chiller Overheating, Control System Failure, Sensor Failure. \n\nThe final list of failure modes for Chiller 6 at MAIN site that can be monitored using the available sensors is: Compressor Failure, Refrigerant Leak, Chiller Overheating, Control System Failure, Sensor Failure.'}]