Question: Forecast 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' using data in 'chiller9_annotated_small_test.csv'. Use the following parameters as inputs 'Chiller 9 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature,Chiller 9 Return Temperature,Chiller 9 Tonnage,Chiller 9 Setpoint Temperature,Chiller 9 Supply Temperature,Chiller 9 Chiller % Loaded,Chiller 9 Condenser Water Supply To Chiller Temperature,Chiller 9 Power Input,Chiller 9 Chiller Efficiency'
Plan:
 
We need to produce plan with fewer than 5 steps. Use only allowed agents. Provide step format.

We need to forecast 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' using CSV file and given inputs. The Time Series Analytics and Forecasting agent can forecast given a file. So we can ask it to forecast.

Thus single step.

Make sure to include full description of task. Provide expected output: forecasted values and maybe model details.

Let's craft.

#Task1: Forecast the future values of 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' using the dataset 'chiller9_annotated_small_test.csv' with the input features: Chiller 9 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 9 Return Temperature, Chiller 9 Tonnage, Chiller 9 Setpoint Temperature, Chiller 9 Supply Temperature, Chiller 9 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 9 Condenser Water Supply To Chiller Temperature, Chiller 9 Power Input, and Chiller 9 Chiller Efficiency.

#Agent1: Time Series Analytics and Forecasting

#Dependency1: None

#ExpectedOutput1: Forecasted series (e.g., next 24 hours) of 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' with associated confidence intervals and model performance metrics.

Make sure format exactly.

Let's output.assistantfinal#Task1: Forecast the future values of 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' using the dataset 'chiller9_annotated_small_test.csv' with the input features: Chiller 9 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 9 Return Temperature, Chiller 9 Tonnage, Chiller 9 Setpoint Temperature, Chiller 9 Supply Temperature, Chiller 9 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 9 Condenser Water Supply To Chiller Temperature, Chiller 9 Power Input, and Chiller 9 Chiller Efficiency.  
#Agent1: Time Series Analytics and Forecasting  
#Dependency1: None  
#ExpectedOutput1: Forecasted series (e.g., next 24 hours) of 'Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow' with confidence intervals and model performance metrics.