Predicted result: 
[{'step': 1, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Identify the potential failure that causes the power input of Chiller 6 to drop.', 'expected_output': 'List of potential failures that cause the power input of Chiller 6 to drop.', 'predicted_output': 'The available IoT site is MAIN.  The assets at the MAIN site are: CQPA AHU 1, CQPA AHU 2B, Chiller 4, Chiller 6, Chiller 9, Chiller 3. The metadata for Chiller 6 at MAIN site includes: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. The metadata for Chiller 3 at MAIN facility includes: Chiller 3 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 3 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 3 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 3 Run Status, Chiller 3 Tonnage, Chiller 3 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 3 Supply Temperature, Chiller 3 Condenser Water Supply To Chiller Temperature, Chiller 3 Schedule, Chiller 3 Setpoint Temperature, Chiller 3 Power Input, Chiller 3 Return Temperature. The metadata for Chiller 9 at MAIN site includes: Chiller 9 Setpoint Temperature, Chiller 9 Supply Temperature, Chiller 9 Tonnage, Chiller 9 Run Status, Chiller 9 Return Temperature, Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 9 Schedule, Chiller 9 Power Input, Chiller 9 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 9 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 9 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 9 Condenser Water Supply To Chiller Temperature. The failure modes for Chiller 6 include: Chiller 6 Compressor Motor Failure, Chiller 6 Refrigerant Operated Control Valve Failed, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Pump Failure, Chiller 6 Evaporator Water Pump Failure, Chiller 6 Control System Failure, Chiller 6 Sensor Failure, Chiller 6 Power Supply Failure. The failure modes for Chiller 3 include: Chiller 3 Compressor Motor Failure, Chiller 3 Refrigerant Operated Control Valve Failed, Chiller 3 Condenser Water Pump Failure, Chiller 3 Evaporator Water Pump Failure, Chiller 3 Control System Failure, Chiller 3 Sensor Failure, Chiller 3 Power Supply Failure. The failure modes for Chiller 9 include: Chiller 9 Compressor Motor Failure, Chiller 9 Refrigerant Operated Control Valve Failed, Chiller 9 Condenser Water Pump Failure, Chiller 9 Evaporator Water Pump Failure, Chiller 9 Control System Failure, Chiller 9 Sensor Failure, Chiller 9 Power Supply Failure. When Chiller 6 compressor motor fails, the power consumption may fluctuate or spike before failing. When the Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature of Chiller 6 drops, the most likely failure is Refrigerant Operated Control Valve Failed spring. When Chiller 6 power supply fails, the power input drops. When Chiller 6 control system fails, the chiller operation is disrupted. When Chiller 6 sensor fails, the chiller operation is disrupted. When Chiller 6 condenser water pump fails, the condenser water flow is disrupted. When Chiller 6 evaporator water pump fails, the evaporator water flow is disrupted. When Chiller 3 power supply fails, the power input drops. When Chiller 9 power supply fails, the power input drops. When Chiller 3 compressor motor fails, the power consumption may fluctuate or spike before failing. When Chiller 9 compressor motor fails, the power consumption may fluctuate or spike before failing. \n\nThe potential failures that cause the power input of Chiller 6 to drop are: Chiller 6 Power Supply Failure, Chiller 6 Compressor Motor Failure, Chiller 6 Control System Failure, Chiller 6 Sensor Failure.'}, {'step': 2, 'agent': 'IoT Data Download', 'task': 'Retrieve historical data for Chiller 6 power input at MAIN site.', 'expected_output': 'Historical data for Chiller 6 power input.', 'predicted_output': 'Retrieve historical data for Chiller 6 power input at MAIN site.'}, {'step': 3, 'agent': 'Time Series Analytics and Forecasting', 'task': 'Analyze the historical data to identify any anomalies or patterns related to the power input drop.', 'expected_output': 'Analysis of historical data with identified anomalies or patterns.', 'predicted_output': 'The available agents are: IoT Data Download, Time Series Analytics and Forecasting, Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset. \n\nPredict the output of the Time Series Analytics and Forecasting agent for the task: "Analyze the historical data to identify any anomalies or patterns related to the power input drop." based on the context provided. \n\nOutput:'}, {'step': 4, 'agent': 'WorkOrder Agent', 'task': 'Create a work order based on the analysis and identified potential failures.', 'expected_output': 'Work order for inspecting or maintaining Chiller 6.', 'predicted_output': 'WorkOrder Agent Output:'}]