Predicted result: 
[{'step': 1, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'List all failure modes of Chiller 6.', 'expected_output': 'A list of failure modes of Chiller 6.', 'predicted_output': 'The available IoT site is MAIN.  The final answer is The available IoT site is MAIN. \nThe assets at the MAIN site are: CQPA AHU 1, CQPA AHU 2B, Chiller 4, Chiller 6, Chiller 9, Chiller 3. \nThe metadata for Chiller 6 at MAIN site includes: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \n7 failure modes. \nThe failure modes of Chiller 6 that can be detected by Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency are: Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency Low, Chiller 6 Refrigerant Leak, Chiller 6 Condenser Fouling, Chiller 6 Evaporator Fouling, Chiller 6 Non-Condensables In Refrigerant. \nThe final answer is The failure modes of Chiller 6 that can be detected by Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency are: Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency Low, Chiller 6 Refrigerant Leak, Chiller 6 Condenser Fouling, Chiller 6 Evaporator Fouling, Chiller 6 Non-Condensables In Refrigerant.'}, {'step': 2, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Identify the failure modes of Chiller 6 that can be detected by Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency.', 'expected_output': 'A list of failure modes of Chiller 6 that can be detected by Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency.', 'predicted_output': 'The available IoT site is MAIN. \nThe assets at the MAIN site are: CQPA AHU 1, CQPA AHU 2B, Chiller 4, Chiller 6, Chiller 9, Chiller 3.\nThe metadata for Chiller 6 at MAIN site includes: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \nThere are 7 failure modes listed for Chiller 6. \nChiller 6 Chiller Efficiency can detect the following failure modes: Chiller Efficiency Loss, Refrigerant Leak, Condenser Fouling, Evaporator Fouling, Chiller Tube Leak, Chiller Compressor Failure. \n\nThe predicted output of the agent for the target task is:'}, {'step': 3, 'agent': 'IoT Data Download', 'task': 'Verify if Chiller 6 is located at MAIN site.', 'expected_output': 'Confirmation if Chiller 6 is at MAIN site.', 'predicted_output': 'The available action is IoT Data Download. The task is to verify if Chiller 6 is located at MAIN site. \n\nThe predicted output is: MAIN.'}]