Predicted result: 
[{'step': 1, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Identify relevant sensors for chiller trip failure of POKMAIN chiller 6', 'expected_output': 'List of relevant sensors for chiller trip failure', 'predicted_output': 'The available IoT site is MAIN. The chiller is POKMAIN chiller 6. The task is to identify relevant sensors for chiller trip failure. \n\nThe predicted output should be a list of relevant sensors along with their temporal behavior.'}, {'step': 2, 'agent': 'Failure Mode and Sensor Relevancy Expert for Industrial Asset', 'task': 'Determine the temporal behavior of the relevant sensors for chiller trip failure', 'expected_output': 'Temporal behavior of the relevant sensors', 'predicted_output': "The available IoT site is MAIN.  The final answer is The available IoT site is MAIN. \nChiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \nThe relevant sensors for chiller trip failure are: Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status. The temporal behavior of these sensors indicates that before a trip failure, Chiller 6 Power Input and Chiller 6 Return Temperature tend to increase, while Chiller 6 Supply Temperature decreases. Chiller 6 Run Status will be 'ON' before the failure and 'OFF' after the failure."}, {'step': 3, 'agent': 'IoT Data Download', 'task': 'Retrieve historical data for the relevant sensors from POKMAIN chiller 6', 'expected_output': 'Historical data for the relevant sensors', 'predicted_output': 'Retrieve historical data for POKMAIN chiller 6.'}, {'step': 4, 'agent': 'Time Series Analytics and Forecasting', 'task': 'Analyze the historical data for anomalies in the relevant sensors', 'expected_output': 'Anomaly analysis for the relevant sensors', 'predicted_output': 'The available sensors for POKMAIN Chiller 6 are: Chiller 6 Condenser Water Return To Tower Temperature, Chiller 6 Chiller Efficiency, Chiller 6 Tonnage, Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Schedule, Chiller 6 Power Input, Chiller 6 Chiller % Loaded, Chiller 6 Liquid Refrigerant Evaporator Temperature, Chiller 6 Setpoint Temperature. \nThe temporal behavior of the relevant sensors for chiller trip failure is: Chiller 6 Supply Temperature, Chiller 6 Return Temperature, Chiller 6 Run Status, Chiller 6 Condenser Water Flow, Chiller 6 Power Input. \nThe historical data for the relevant sensors is available. \n\nThe final output should be the result of analyzing the historical data for anomalies in the relevant sensors. \n\nThe predicted output is:'}]